If we want to change our selection we can't do that at the moment because we remove that button.
Well the solution of course is that we make the image clickable for dad at a roll of button there and
I'll then add a click listener here.
The role is not required.
I just edit this for accessibility it's not required for the click to work and then I'll fire on pick
location here.
When that image is clicked let's give this a try and wait for that to reload let's select the location
and let's say we're picking a nice place in Sydney
somewhere.
Here.
There it is.
Now if a tap does again I can override doesn't pick a different place.
This doesn't look too bad.
This gives us a nice way of opening our map and picking places there.